But for years, I've refused to better
myself as a web developer by getting
really good at design and tools like
Figma. Well, yesterday that decision
finally started to pay off because
Google just murdered Figma by announcing
a massive update to their vibe design
tool, Stitch. If you've never heard of
it, it's an infinite canvas tool that
allows you to easily generate designs
for your UIUX needs like web pages and
app screens. Designer Gary Simon is
literally shaking right now. If you are
UIUX designer, you are living in the
dark ages because you don't need to
start with a wireframe anymore. You just
start with a vibe. You tell it what your
product should feel like, who it's for,
maybe throw in a screenshot or a URL of
a design you want to steal, or maybe
just whisper into your mic like a
lunatic. Then it simply summons the
devil straight from the hexagon of
Saturn to build a UI for you like magic.
But here's the crazy part. It doesn't
stop at static designs. The Stitch can
instantly turn those into interactive
prototypes and simulate full user flows
with a single click. The tool just got
an upgraded new slop renderer, but the
best new feature is actually a humble
little design markdown file that could
completely change your app development
workflow. In today's video, we'll take a
look at everything new in Google Stitch
and find out if it's just more hype or a
true game changer for untalented
designers. It is March 19th, 2026, and
you're watching the Code Report. I've
been failing to build good UIs for
nearly two decades now. I still remember
my very first website which took weeks
of painstaking CSS work in Adobe
Dreamweaver. Luckily though, many years
later, design implementation got way
easier thanks to tools like Tailwind
CSS. But sadly, now AI tools like Stitch
are killing the CSS tooling business. A
couple months ago, Tailwind had to lay
off most of its team. And honestly, it
makes sense because Tailwind was never
really about design. It was about making
implementation faster. as a free and
open- source tool. They tried to
monetize the business by selling premium
templates, but in 2026, nobody buys
premium templates anymore. Why memorize
utility classes like Flex, BG Blue-500,
GAP 4, and so on when instead you can
just say, "Build me a clean SAS
dashboard with good spacing and modern
typography." And because of that
reality, despite being more popular than
ever, Tailwind is now surviving on
donations like a homeless person. Check
this out. I really like the design
system used on the fireship.dev website,
which was created by a real human named
Lynn with real talent. But because I'm
lazy, I can now just feed Google Stitch
a website URL, and it will instantly
build me a design system that I can now
use in any project. This stealing is
awesome because now I can put this
design system to work on my
billion-dollar app idea, Horse Tinder. I
tell Stitch to build a homepage and it's
done in 30 seconds. And this isn't just
some static image from Nano Banana.
Every element is an actual interactive
component that can be modified
individually. I can make modifications
here directly with AI or even export
them into Figma to edit them like a
caveman. In addition, everything is
responsive. So, I can spin up a
prototype right here in the browser and
preview it on different devices. But
actually, we don't even need to type a
prompt to work on a design. I can just
talk directly to Gemini.
>> Hey, what are we designing?
>> Horse Tinder.
>> Are you looking to work on the landing
page, the swipe stack, or something
else? Uh, let's work on a chat feature.
>> Ooh, a chat feature. That's essential
for connecting those matches. What kind
of vibe are we going for?
>> Uh, let's make it kind of like Grinder.
>> Bold and modern it is. I'll design a
clean and energetic chat screen for you.
Inspired by that aesthetic on it. The
new chat screen is ready. I've gone for
that bold, energetic vibe with clean
lines and vibrant colors. Take a look.
What do you think? Anything else you'd
like to adjust?
>> Nope. That looks gay enough. Thank you.
As you can see, Stitch is basically like
having your own designer employee, but
it has one more trick up its sleeve. If
you remember the original design system
we generated, well, we can actually
export that as a design file. And now I
can take that file into a text editor
and easily use it in multiple projects
or integrate it with other coding models
like Claude or OpenAI codecs. And that's
huge because it means consistent AI
designs across multiple projects. But
there's still one thing Stitch can't do,
and that's implement reliable,
bulletproof, full stack features like
user authentication. And that's why you
need Clerk in your life, the sponsor of
today's video. Ronnie Coleman once said,
"Everybody wants to build a B2B SAS app,
but nobody wants to build those annoying
ass enterprise features. That's why
Clerk created a single platform that
lets you easily add O, user management,
and billing to your app. Their drop-in
components enable your users to onboard
their entire org with custom roles and
permissions. And clerk billing lets you
implement subscription pricing tiers
without having to write the payment
logic yourself. The clerk is the missing
piece that'll help you actually release
all the stuff you've been viating and
building with agents. And you can try it
out for free at the link below. This has
been the code report. Thanks for
watching and I will see you in the next
one.